docs/user/generated_config.adoc, before:

[[SourcePawnLanguageServer.cachePriming.enable]]SourcePawnLanguageServer.cachePriming.enable (default: `true`)::
+
--
Warm up caches on project load.
--
[[SourcePawnLanguageServer.cachePriming.numThreads]]SourcePawnLanguageServer.cachePriming.numThreads (default: `0`)::
+
--
How many worker threads to handle priming caches. The default `0` means to pick automatically.
--
[[SourcePawnLanguageServer.compiler.arguments]]SourcePawnLanguageServer.compiler.arguments (default: `[]`)::
+
--
Linter arguments that will be passed to spcomp.
Note that the compilation target, include directories and output path are already handled by the server.
--
[[SourcePawnLanguageServer.compiler.onSave]]SourcePawnLanguageServer.compiler.onSave (default: `true`)::
+
--
Compute spcomp diagnostics on save.
--
[[SourcePawnLanguageServer.compiler.path]]SourcePawnLanguageServer.compiler.path (default: `null`)::
+
--
Path to the SourcePawn compiler (spcomp).
--
[[SourcePawnLanguageServer.hover.actions.debug.enable]]SourcePawnLanguageServer.hover.actions.debug.enable (default: `true`)::
+
--
Whether to show `Debug` action. Only applies when
`#sourcepawn-lsp.hover.actions.enable#` is set.
--
[[SourcePawnLanguageServer.hover.actions.enable]]SourcePawnLanguageServer.hover.actions.enable (default: `true`)::
+
--
Whether to show HoverActions in Sourcepawn files.
--
[[SourcePawnLanguageServer.hover.actions.gotoTypeDef.enable]]SourcePawnLanguageServer.hover.actions.gotoTypeDef.enable (default: `true`)::
+
--
Whether to show `Go to Type Definition` action. Only applies when
`#sourcepawn-lsp.hover.actions.enable#` is set.
--
[[SourcePawnLanguageServer.hover.actions.implementations.enable]]SourcePawnLanguageServer.hover.actions.implementations.enable (default: `true`)::
+
--
Whether to show `Implementations` action. Only applies when
`#sourcepawn-lsp.hover.actions.enable#` is set.
--
[[SourcePawnLanguageServer.hover.actions.references.enable]]SourcePawnLanguageServer.hover.actions.references.enable (default: `false`)::
+
--
Whether to show `References` action. Only applies when
`#sourcepawn-lsp.hover.actions.enable#` is set.
--
[[SourcePawnLanguageServer.hover.actions.run.enable]]SourcePawnLanguageServer.hover.actions.run.enable (default: `true`)::
+
--
Whether to show `Run` action. Only applies when
`#sourcepawn-lsp.hover.actions.enable#` is set.
--
[[SourcePawnLanguageServer.includeDirectories]]SourcePawnLanguageServer.includeDirectories (default: `[]`)::
+
--
Include directories paths for the compiler and the linter.
--
[[SourcePawnLanguageServer.linter.disable]]SourcePawnLanguageServer.linter.disable (default: `false`)::
+
--
Disable the language server's syntax linter. This is independant from spcomp.
--
[[SourcePawnLanguageServer.numThreads]]SourcePawnLanguageServer.numThreads (default: `null`)::
+
--
How many worker threads in the main loop. The default `null` means to pick automatically.
--

Commit message:

feat: add a setting to filter events

docs/user/generated_config.adoc, after:

[[SourcePawnLanguageServer.cachePriming.enable]]SourcePawnLanguageServer.cachePriming.enable (default: `true`)::
+
--
Warm up caches on project load.
--
[[SourcePawnLanguageServer.cachePriming.numThreads]]SourcePawnLanguageServer.cachePriming.numThreads (default: `0`)::
+
--
How many worker threads to handle priming caches. The default `0` means to pick automatically.
--
[[SourcePawnLanguageServer.compiler.arguments]]SourcePawnLanguageServer.compiler.arguments (default: `[]`)::
+
--
Linter arguments that will be passed to spcomp.
Note that the compilation target, include directories and output path are already handled by the server.
--
[[SourcePawnLanguageServer.compiler.onSave]]SourcePawnLanguageServer.compiler.onSave (default: `true`)::
+
--
Compute spcomp diagnostics on save.
--
[[SourcePawnLanguageServer.compiler.path]]SourcePawnLanguageServer.compiler.path (default: `null`)::
+
--
Path to the SourcePawn compiler (spcomp).
--
[[SourcePawnLanguageServer.eventsGameName]]SourcePawnLanguageServer.eventsGameName (default: `null`)::
+
--
Name of the game we want the events for, as it appears on the Alliedmodders website.
For example, "Counter-Strike: Global Offensive" or "Team Fortress 2".
--
[[SourcePawnLanguageServer.hover.actions.debug.enable]]SourcePawnLanguageServer.hover.actions.debug.enable (default: `true`)::
+
--
Whether to show `Debug` action. Only applies when
`#sourcepawn-lsp.hover.actions.enable#` is set.
--
[[SourcePawnLanguageServer.hover.actions.enable]]SourcePawnLanguageServer.hover.actions.enable (default: `true`)::
+
--
Whether to show HoverActions in Sourcepawn files.
--
[[SourcePawnLanguageServer.hover.actions.gotoTypeDef.enable]]SourcePawnLanguageServer.hover.actions.gotoTypeDef.enable (default: `true`)::
+
--
Whether to show `Go to Type Definition` action. Only applies when
`#sourcepawn-lsp.hover.actions.enable#` is set.
--
[[SourcePawnLanguageServer.hover.actions.implementations.enable]]SourcePawnLanguageServer.hover.actions.implementations.enable (default: `true`)::
+
--
Whether to show `Implementations` action. Only applies when
`#sourcepawn-lsp.hover.actions.enable#` is set.
--
[[SourcePawnLanguageServer.hover.actions.references.enable]]SourcePawnLanguageServer.hover.actions.references.enable (default: `false`)::
+
--
Whether to show `References` action. Only applies when
`#sourcepawn-lsp.hover.actions.enable#` is set.
--
[[SourcePawnLanguageServer.hover.actions.run.enable]]SourcePawnLanguageServer.hover.actions.run.enable (default: `true`)::
+
--
Whether to show `Run` action. Only applies when
`#sourcepawn-lsp.hover.actions.enable#` is set.
--
[[SourcePawnLanguageServer.includeDirectories]]SourcePawnLanguageServer.includeDirectories (default: `[]`)::
+
--
Include directories paths for the compiler and the linter.
--
[[SourcePawnLanguageServer.linter.disable]]SourcePawnLanguageServer.linter.disable (default: `false`)::
+
--
Disable the language server's syntax linter. This is independant from spcomp.
--
[[SourcePawnLanguageServer.numThreads]]SourcePawnLanguageServer.numThreads (default: `null`)::
+
--
How many worker threads in the main loop. The default `null` means to pick automatically.
--
