docs/docs/configuration/generated_settings.md, before:

---
id: lsp-settings-reference
title: Server Settings Reference
---

## cachePriming.enable

**SourcePawnLanguageServer.cachePriming.enable**

Warm up caches on project load.

_Default_: `true`

## cachePriming.numThreads

**SourcePawnLanguageServer.cachePriming.numThreads**

How many worker threads to handle priming caches. The default `0` means to pick automatically.

_Default_: `0`

## compiler.arguments

**SourcePawnLanguageServer.compiler.arguments**

Linter arguments that will be passed to spcomp.
Note that the compilation target, include directories and output path are already handled by the server.

_Default_: `[]`

## compiler.onSave

**SourcePawnLanguageServer.compiler.onSave**

Compute spcomp diagnostics on save.

_Default_: `true`

## compiler.path

**SourcePawnLanguageServer.compiler.path**

Path to the SourcePawn compiler (spcomp).

_Default_: `null`

## eventsGameName

**SourcePawnLanguageServer.eventsGameName**

Name of the game we want the events for, as it appears on the Alliedmodders website.
For example, "Counter-Strike: Global Offensive" or "Team Fortress 2".

_Default_: `null`

## hover.actions.debug.enable

**SourcePawnLanguageServer.hover.actions.debug.enable**

Whether to show `Debug` action. Only applies when
[`SourcePawnLanguageServer.hover.actions.enable`](#hoveractionsenable) is set.

_Default_: `true`

## hover.actions.enable

**SourcePawnLanguageServer.hover.actions.enable**

Whether to show HoverActions in Sourcepawn files.

_Default_: `true`

## hover.actions.gotoTypeDef.enable

**SourcePawnLanguageServer.hover.actions.gotoTypeDef.enable**

Whether to show `Go to Type Definition` action. Only applies when
[`SourcePawnLanguageServer.hover.actions.enable`](#hoveractionsenable) is set.

_Default_: `true`

## hover.actions.implementations.enable

**SourcePawnLanguageServer.hover.actions.implementations.enable**

Whether to show `Implementations` action. Only applies when
[`SourcePawnLanguageServer.hover.actions.enable`](#hoveractionsenable) is set.

_Default_: `true`

## hover.actions.references.enable

**SourcePawnLanguageServer.hover.actions.references.enable**

Whether to show `References` action. Only applies when
[`SourcePawnLanguageServer.hover.actions.enable`](#hoveractionsenable) is set.

_Default_: `false`

## hover.actions.run.enable

**SourcePawnLanguageServer.hover.actions.run.enable**

Whether to show `Run` action. Only applies when
[`SourcePawnLanguageServer.hover.actions.enable`](#hoveractionsenable) is set.

_Default_: `true`

## includeDirectories

**SourcePawnLanguageServer.includeDirectories**

Include directories paths for the compiler and the linter.

_Default_: `[]`

## linter.disable

**SourcePawnLanguageServer.linter.disable**

Disable the language server's syntax linter. This is independant from spcomp.

_Default_: `false`

## numThreads

**SourcePawnLanguageServer.numThreads**

How many worker threads in the main loop. The default `null` means to pick automatically.

_Default_: `null`

Commit message:

fix: RAM usage while cache priming

docs/docs/configuration/generated_settings.md, after:

---
id: lsp-settings-reference
title: Server Settings Reference
---

## cachePriming.enable

**SourcePawnLanguageServer.cachePriming.enable**

Warm up caches on project load.

_Default_: `true`

## cachePriming.numThreads

**SourcePawnLanguageServer.cachePriming.numThreads**

How many worker threads to handle priming caches. The default `0` means to pick automatically.

_Default_: `0`

## cachePriming.projectsThreshold

**SourcePawnLanguageServer.cachePriming.projectsThreshold**

Number of projects above which cachePriming will only be done for the current project.
The more projects you have in one workspace, the more RAM cachePriming will consume.
Lower this setting or disable cachePriming with [`SourcePawnLanguageServer.cachePriming.enable`](#cachePrimingenable) to lower
the server's RAM usage.
`0` for unlimited projects.

_Default_: `5`

## compiler.arguments

**SourcePawnLanguageServer.compiler.arguments**

Linter arguments that will be passed to spcomp.
Note that the compilation target, include directories and output path are already handled by the server.

_Default_: `[]`

## compiler.onSave

**SourcePawnLanguageServer.compiler.onSave**

Compute spcomp diagnostics on save.

_Default_: `true`

## compiler.path

**SourcePawnLanguageServer.compiler.path**

Path to the SourcePawn compiler (spcomp).

_Default_: `null`

## eventsGameName

**SourcePawnLanguageServer.eventsGameName**

Name of the game we want the events for, as it appears on the Alliedmodders website.
For example, "Counter-Strike: Global Offensive" or "Team Fortress 2".

_Default_: `null`

## hover.actions.debug.enable

**SourcePawnLanguageServer.hover.actions.debug.enable**

Whether to show `Debug` action. Only applies when
[`SourcePawnLanguageServer.hover.actions.enable`](#hoveractionsenable) is set.

_Default_: `true`

## hover.actions.enable

**SourcePawnLanguageServer.hover.actions.enable**

Whether to show HoverActions in Sourcepawn files.

_Default_: `true`

## hover.actions.gotoTypeDef.enable

**SourcePawnLanguageServer.hover.actions.gotoTypeDef.enable**

Whether to show `Go to Type Definition` action. Only applies when
[`SourcePawnLanguageServer.hover.actions.enable`](#hoveractionsenable) is set.

_Default_: `true`

## hover.actions.implementations.enable

**SourcePawnLanguageServer.hover.actions.implementations.enable**

Whether to show `Implementations` action. Only applies when
[`SourcePawnLanguageServer.hover.actions.enable`](#hoveractionsenable) is set.

_Default_: `true`

## hover.actions.references.enable

**SourcePawnLanguageServer.hover.actions.references.enable**

Whether to show `References` action. Only applies when
[`SourcePawnLanguageServer.hover.actions.enable`](#hoveractionsenable) is set.

_Default_: `false`

## hover.actions.run.enable

**SourcePawnLanguageServer.hover.actions.run.enable**

Whether to show `Run` action. Only applies when
[`SourcePawnLanguageServer.hover.actions.enable`](#hoveractionsenable) is set.

_Default_: `true`

## includeDirectories

**SourcePawnLanguageServer.includeDirectories**

Include directories paths for the compiler and the linter.

_Default_: `[]`

## linter.disable

**SourcePawnLanguageServer.linter.disable**

Disable the language server's syntax linter. This is independant from spcomp.

_Default_: `false`

## numThreads

**SourcePawnLanguageServer.numThreads**

How many worker threads in the main loop. The default `null` means to pick automatically.

_Default_: `null`
